Wow
Does it look good? It looks good. It looks good.
Do you like it?
Do you want to take it back?
Think about it
Junjun's repeated looks
How can you tempt an idle person like me to watch it again?
If you look again, I will gouge out your eyeballs and you
Didn't you see the two of us?
Still dancing there
It turned out to be the Great Commander and Young Master Ma Liang?
The little girl is also distracted
Please forgive me.
Such a big imperial teacher
Just you.
Tell me what tricks the imperial teacher has
The state minister asked the little girl to wait here for the two of you
And?
Then send the two on their way
Just because you are powerless
See this copper order
I can cut your head off
In terms of force, I am naturally not as good as the two
But who says we have to win?
To send you on your way
It's not good to run quickly, it's the smell of gunpowder burning
Alright. Alright.
How far can you run?
How far do you run
Where are you going anyway?